Oh fire arch playing up runners now the
hundreth running of the rahman joy
showdown is about to sit South Africa
ablaze there is the roar from the crowd
and dupa dies one of the first odd
he has London news in the middle of your
picture read sleeves and red cap head of
us at the rail the blue blinkers of
stride ahead in viña roseola fabulous
Circuit Judge five mins of them into a
ritzy moment dollar fortune left
fabulous is along the rail they'll be
qualified dollar fortune man's ao7
insult the leader then amber pondo
counteraction and behind there till a
long way back with Dawn's festival
albariza
fire arch they go down to the 1400 in
the Rothman's Gillian
under News's leading them the red sleaze
and gab stride ahead with the yellow
silk second dupa dies at the rail in
Vina Rosa helices to ERISA mode five
wins to track down with la fabulous EMA
ponder and Donna fortune in Circuit
Judge and sleep machine Michelle and
elder reason air about ten millions of
the leader counteraction on the outside
the until Mubarak national emblem dogs
festival and Vista forever trails them
in the Rothman's July London use the
favorite out in front in the hundreds
running of the lachman's stride ahead
and second dukkha dies at the rail the
in Vina Rosa Pentagon says about
Zimmerman's to make up there followed by
tourism on that fabulous
amber ponder dollar fortune insert the
judge building followed by
watchdogs festival Kodaka raised it's
time for guts and glory as the Lockman
shall are filled - for the sash and
London use clears away by for from dupa
Dyson straight ahead on the inside of
that one asparagus trying to run out
from behind
tomorrow but London uses clear
to addressing I was running on on the
outside sleep machine London dollar
fortune 20 my sleep machine London use
just one barackman London news sleep
machine came flying on the outside but
water will judge ride by strikers
freedom on number twenty London News
live
one of the Rothman's July and I must say
lasted just long enough and by mr. and
mrs. Lori Jaffe this called five bush
Telegraph purchased for one hundred and
forty five hundred and forty thousand
News London news on the North Justine
firm sleep machine Eurostar's comes
flying Donna fortune in the yellow soaps
also running on but number twenty London
news will last just long enough to win
the Rockman's July second placing will
go to sleep machine nearest as the in
dollar fortune and here's another view
London use a stock the grant at about
the fifteen hundred under striker will
win a sleep machine not in your picture
at this stage London used the favorite
wins that he's now won seven out of
twelve dollar for dollar fortunate rages
running the yellow salt London usual one
at sleek machine will come creeping into
your picture now here sleek machine
Eurostar's for second dollar fortune
third and the fourth placing national
emblem